### Prevalence of asymptomatic shedding and transmission (e.g., particularly children).


## Vocabulary Used
1. asymptomatic
2. shedding
3. shed
4. transmission
5. child
6. infant

# Notes on the vocabulary
Choosing a vocabulary fot this task is particularly simple, we only have to be careful in using the correct stems of the words we are looking to capture.

## Notes on the main cluster diagram
The main cluster diagram is rather reassuring. We seem to have documents on asymptomatic transmission and asymptomatic shedding among infants and chidren.


## Choice of pairs of words to uncover the subtopics
1. asymptomatic, transmission
2. child, shed, shedding
3. asymptomatic, child, infant

# Top 5 article SHAs 
1. asymptomatic, transmission
f628a6163a739a85fd972c00b7d274823c41bb66
7ffbca7e7e60e13461801769ad70f770879d0f81
4bc6d312effedb4dafb7bca22236c006ad1f7136
691856452de91727b7b9b7644f82b4bc5876f32f
b29af8a410b032d1159bf9cefe0654c43f3503d9

2. child, shed, shedding
03be1b13bb27c345596bc823c25963ebeb990640
820f3633db1b3b98889e6a0d257d10d385be85c8

3. asymptomatic, child, infant
e44632c9b598cac15ccda521e13c65ca9fcf7426
1e9929bbb08fb46de40a699d0c2d2aa7c287e5b4
ea6327597215470d7c489d8bbc7da34fb8f49d1a








# Articles of Note:

    f628a6163a739a85fd972c00b7d274823c41bb66
    
This appears to be a very relevant and comprehensive study of asymptomatic transmission.

    Excerpt:
"text": "Here, we focus on a third effect. If asymptomatic cases are important for transmission, they also have the potential to affect estimates of key parameters of disease spread such as the basic reproduction number R 0 (i.e., the expected number of secondary cases generated by an average primary case in a fully susceptible population [5] ). Thus, we investigate the relationship between individual-level features of asymptomatic cases (e.g., the probability that an infection is asymptomatic, asymptomatic case duration, transmission by asymptomatic individuals) to dynamics at the population scale.",



    7ffbca7e7e60e13461801769ad70f770879d0f81
    
This article makes observations about the prevalence of asymptomatic transmission among ambulatory populations such as tourists. It also has important references to literature about shedding and asymptomatic transmission among children.

    Excerpts:

Analysis of these data indicated that over 6% of participants tested positive for shedding of respiratory virus. While participants who tested positive were more likely to report symptoms than those who did not, over half of participants who tested positive were asymptomatic."

 In general, among children, studies have found that 24.6% to 64% of human rhinovirus (HRV) infections are asymptomatic (7) (8) (9) (10) . A number of studies have also documented the fraction of asymptomatic children who are shedding virus rather than the fraction of infected children who are asymptomatic. Calvo et al. documented an HRV shedding rate of 12.3% among healthy children (9) . Van Benten et al. found that 20% of asymptomatic infants \u05452 years old tested positive for HRV (11) . Similarly, Nokso-Koivisto et al. found that 20% of children without any past or recent respiratory infection symptoms tested positive for HRV or coronavirus (CoV) (12) . Other studies examining multiple respiratory agents documented respiratory virus infection in 40% and 42% of children without symptoms (13, 14) .
 
    4bc6d312effedb4dafb7bca22236c006ad1f7136
    
This article studies the transmission of the Hepatitis A virus among children, both symptomatic and asymptomatic. The use of disease models and statistical methods is prevalent in this article.

    Excerpt:

Our transmission dynamics model suggests that the proportion of symptomatic infections is about 9%, implying that there were about 344 asymptomatic infections along with the 32 observed symptomatic cases. Furthermore, it is shown that the inclusion of asymptomatic infection in the epidemic process increases the estimate of R 0 but does not do so greatly provided that the proportion of symptomatic infections is constant over the outbreak and there is no difference in transmissibility between symptomatic and asymptomatic infections."

These two facts suggest that transmission occurs from asymptomatic cases as well as from symptomatic cases. This study [3] for the outbreak provides a good dataset to estimate the transmissibility of hepatitis A virus among na\u00efve young children, which is the objective of this study."


    691856452de91727b7b9b7644f82b4bc5876f32f

    Excerpt:

"text": "The role of and the extent to which infected asymptomatic human cases play a role in transmission is unknown. WHO estimates that ~20% of reported MERS cases are asymptomatic (54), but this estimate is likely underestimated given surveillance focuses on severe cases requiring hospitalization (55) and evidence from serologic studies (32) . One study documented prolonged shedding of MERS-CoV in an asymptomatic health care worker (56) , which provides evidence that, if not properly isolated, asymptomatic cases in health care settings and in the community could lead to onward transmission. The experts included in this study believe that contact with asymptomatic cases is as important as that with infected dromedaries. Comprehensive testing of contacts of MERS-CoV patients, regardless of the presence of symptoms, is required to evaluate infection between known cases. The role of asymptomatic cases or carriers, if they are indeed infected, also needs careful consideration in the community setting. Not all reported primary cases can be traced back to contact with dromedaries, and it is likely, at least in some cases, that an asymptomatic or mildly symptomatic case may be an intermediary between dromedary contact and a symptomatic human case.",

